[WAF] Improve linking between API and Terraform (#21741)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/waf/managed-rules/check-for-exposed-credentials/configure-terraform.mdx

---

> title: Configure using Terraform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Configure with Terraform
```
Nit: personally thought this sounded more natural

pcx_content_type: configuration
sidebar:
  order: 5
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Configure Exposed Credentials Check using Terraform
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

The following Terraform configuration example addresses a common use case of exposed credentials checks.

For more information, refer to the [Terraform Cloudflare provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs).

If you are using the Cloudflare API, refer to [Configure via API](/waf/managed-rules/check-for-exposed-credentials/configure-api/).

<Render file="leaked-credentials-recommend-detection" />

> ## Add a custom rule checking for exposed credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add a custom rule to check for exposed credentials
```
